Add Birds Eye Robotics (#50)
vmayoral/ros-robotics-companies: README.md

| [Bastian Solutions](http://www.bastiansolutions.com) | Is an independent material handling and robotics system integrator providing automated solutions for distribution and manufacturing. The company is [currently member](https://rosindustrial.org/ric/current-members/#bastian-solutions) of ROS-Industrial, is an open-source project that extends the advanced capabilities of ROS to manufacturing automation and robotics (see [`ros-industrial`](https://github.com/ros-industrial))[^133]. | 1952 |
| [Bear Robotics](https://www.bearrobotics.ai) | Autonomous Mobile Robots (AMRs) for the food service and hospitality. Their job positions require ROS and Gazebo knowledge[^253][^254]. Leverage ROS in their products, including the ROS navigation stack. | 2017 |
| [Beta Robots](https://beta-robots.com/) | Offer a comprehensive software solution for intralogistics applications using autonomous mobility robots (AMR/AGV). They are skilled in the conception of system architecture, synthetic perception, mechanics, kinematics, algorithm design, and software development. | 2016 |

> | [Birds Eye Robotics](https://www.birdseyerobotics.com) | Agtech startup focusing on animal welfare and labor reduction in commercial poultry farms. Using ROS2 galactic with Nav2 to run our AMR. | 2021 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Birds Eye Robotics](https://www.birdseyerobotics.com) | Agtech startup focusing on animal welfare and labor reduction in commercial poultry farms. Using ROS 2 Galactic with Nav2 to run our AMR. | 2021 |
```
